# Safe Streets Research & Consulting, LLC
Safe Streets Research & Consulting, LLC (Safe Streets) is a certified DBE specializing in rigorous crash and survey data analysis to provide insights into pedestrian, bicycle, e-scooter, and motorist safety, behavior, and mobility. Safe Streets is owned and operated by Rebecca Sanders, PhD, RSP2B and Jessica Schoner, PhD, and builds on their nearly 30 years of academic and consulting experience, including studies of perceived and empirical safety for pedestrians, bicyclists, motorists, and e-scooter users; bicycle and pedestrian network analysis & exposure estimation; trends in e-scooter use; data science methods and software tools for safety and transportation analyses; and roadway user design preferences. 
Safe Streets’ approach is informed both by public health and transportation theory and years of practice leading research, Vision Zero, and data science projects across sectors. Drs. Sanders and Schoner have authored dozens of academic journal articles and professional reports, including for multiple NCHRP projects to improve pedestrian, bicyclist, and motorist safety, and they have helped cities such as Seattle, Denver, Portland, Oakland, Minneapolis—St. Paul, New Orleans, and Boston to understand and address bicycle, pedestrian, and motorist safety through Vision Zero and systemic safety efforts. 
Safe Streets’ current work includes research on pedestrian safety in darkness, pedestrian fatality hotspots, and race-related trends in pedestrian fatalities; county-wide systemic safety analysis; bicycle safety analysis; and several NCHRP and BTSCRP projects conducting research and developing guidance regarding pedestrian, e-scooter, and bicyclist safety. We offer services related to crash and conflict data analysis and interpretation, research project design, survey design and analysis, geospatial analysis and data science for street safety and transportation planning, literature reviews, focus groups and interview, report writing and editing, and project management.  
